Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager 1020.1.14 (#2306)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020.1.14-moved-add-asset-module-as-plugin-into-dtm-plugins.md

---
date: ""
title: "Moved Add asset module as plugin into DTM plugins"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"

>       label: "Fix"

Reviewer: Is this really a fix? Sounds more like a feature to me.

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen  While this is considered a feature from an implementation perspective, it does not result in any noticeable changes from the end user's viewpoint. Therefore, we have categorized it as a 'fix' in the change log.

Reviewer 2: @Vagdevi1998  we can probably use Refactor as label for this case.

Reviewer 3: I think should be a feature because post these customers can utilize these components in custom applications more easily.

Other teams have also listed similar changes as features: 
1. https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/#ui-c8y-1020-0-0-separated-asm-as-a-plugin-5939
2. https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/#ui-c8y-1020-0-0-services-removed-from-the-app-module-and-loaded-as-a-plugin
3. https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/#ui-c8y-1020-0-0-add-info-on-how-to-style-shell-application-via-plugin-6177

Reviewer 4: Modified it to "Feature"

component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"

> ticket: "CTM-1225"

Reviewer 2: @Vagdevi1998 The correct itrac for this is CTM-1215

Reviewer 4: Modified the ticket to CTM-1215

version: "1020.1.14"
---

> Removed the 'Add Asset' module from the DTM application and relocated it to DTM plugins. This adjustment allows it to be utilized as official plugins across various custom web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ** Add Asset** module has been moved from the Digital Twin Manager (DTM) application to the DTM plugins. This allows to use the module as plugin across various custom web applications.
```
